README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./src/images/logo-no-background.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>PetBNB</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [PetBNB] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[PetBNB]** is a platform that allows users to rent rooms for their pets, similar to AirBNB. Users can add rooms to their profile for other users to rent and can make reservations for their pets to stay in a room. Additionally, users can add and remove pets, as well as add and remove rooms.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL
- React
- HTML
- JavaScript
- CSS

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Back-end</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.rubyonrails.org/">RubyOnRails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Rent rooms for pets]**
- **[Add rooms to profile for other users to rent]**
- **[Add and remove pets]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- Coming soon...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- `npm install`

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git git@github.com:Full-Stack-Capstone/petbnb-front.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-project
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  npm start
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  npm test
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 _Diego Garcia_

- GitHub: [@taldr27](https://github.com/taldr27)
- LinkedIn: [diegogarcial](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diegogarcial/)

👤 _Erick Hans Martinez_

- GitHub: [@erickhansx](https://github.com/erickhansx)
- Twitter: [@TheErickHans](https://twitter.com/TheErickHans)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 _Tiago Lelinski Marin_ 🧑🏻‍💻

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Tiago-Lelinski-Marin)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/LelinskiMarin)
- LinkedIn: [Tiago Lelinski](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tiago-lelinski-marin/)

👤 _Gabriel Andrade_

- GitHub: [@gandradep](https://github.com/gandradep)
- Twitter: [@leribagandrade](https://twitter.com/leribagandrade)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/gabriel-andrade-silla-turca)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Users can leave a rating to each room]**
- [ ] **[Users can create a full personal profile]**
- [ ] **[Users can upload more than one image]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please leave a like on Github and share it with your friends.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk) from Behance for the original design and layout of the app.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<h2>ERD Diagram</h2>
<div style="max-width: 50%; margin: 0 auto">
<img src="./src/images/erddiagram.jpeg">
</div>

Commit message:

Add link to live demo

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./src/images/logo-no-background.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>PetBNB</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [PetBNB] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[PetBNB]** is a platform that allows users to rent rooms for their pets, similar to AirBNB. Users can add rooms to their profile for other users to rent and can make reservations for their pets to stay in a room. Additionally, users can add and remove pets, as well as add and remove rooms.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL
- React
- HTML
- JavaScript
- CSS

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Back-end</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.rubyonrails.org/">RubyOnRails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Rent rooms for pets]**
- **[Add rooms to profile for other users to rent]**
- **[Add and remove pets]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- You can see the live deploy of this app in this [link](https://fantastic-maamoul-0b2722.netlify.app
)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- `npm install`

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git git@github.com:Full-Stack-Capstone/petbnb-front.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-project
  bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  npm start
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  npm test
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 _Diego Garcia_

- GitHub: [@taldr27](https://github.com/taldr27)
- LinkedIn: [diegogarcial](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diegogarcial/)

👤 _Erick Hans Martinez_

- GitHub: [@erickhansx](https://github.com/erickhansx)
- Twitter: [@TheErickHans](https://twitter.com/TheErickHans)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 _Tiago Lelinski Marin_ 🧑🏻‍💻

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Tiago-Lelinski-Marin)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/LelinskiMarin)
- LinkedIn: [Tiago Lelinski](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tiago-lelinski-marin/)

👤 _Gabriel Andrade_

- GitHub: [@gandradep](https://github.com/gandradep)
- Twitter: [@leribagandrade](https://twitter.com/leribagandrade)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/gabriel-andrade-silla-turca)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Users can leave a rating to each room]**
- [ ] **[Users can create a full personal profile]**
- [ ] **[Users can upload more than one image]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please leave a like on Github and share it with your friends.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk) from Behance for the original design and layout of the app.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<h2>ERD Diagram</h2>
<div style="max-width: 50%; margin: 0 auto">
<img src="./src/images/erddiagram.jpeg">
</div>
